Tirana	895160	Fergese Tirane	Tirana, the Republic of Albania's largest city, is blessed with a mild Mediterranean climate, a plethora of beautiful churches and lush parks. Founded in 1614, some striking Mussolini-era architecture dots the city center. Walk between sights such as Skanderbeg Square's 1789 Et'hem Bey Mosque, the 1830 Sahat-Kulla (Clock Tower) and the Puppet Theater, once home to King Zog's puppet parliament. Visit the Peace Bell, built with old cartridge shells, a reminder of Tirana's stormy past.	Mediterranean		
Sarande	30000	Tave Dheu	Saranda is the unofficial capital of the Albanian Riviera, and come the summer months it seems like half of Tirana relocates here to enjoy the busy beach and busier nightlife along its crowd-filled seaside promenade. What was once a sleepy fishing village is now a thriving city, and while Saranda has lost much of its quaintness in the past two decades, it has retained much of its charisma. The town's beaches are nothing special, but Saranda is a great base for exploring the beaches of the riviera if you have your own transport.	Mediterranean
Durres	290126	Byrek me presh dhe qumesht	Durrësi, the biggest seaport of the country, is located 34km away from Tirana. It is the most ancient city in Albania or the eternal city over Adriatic sea , with almost 3,000 years of history. Its foundation dates back to 627 B.C. when the Corinthians and settlers from Corcyra invaded the Illyrian territory of the Taulants. Durrës, home to the biggest seaport in the country, is located 34 km away from Tirana. It is the most ancient city in Albania, with almost 3,000 years of history. Its foundation dates back to 627 B.C. when the Corinthians and settlers from Corcyra invaded the Illyrian territory of the Taulants. The city is home to many ancient archaeological sites and finds. The most notable tourist attraction in Durrës is the amphitheater of the Roman Emperor Hadrian with 15,000 seats, the second biggest amphitheater in the Balkans. During the 9th century, a small church with mosaic-covered walls was built nearby.	Mediterranean, humid