Ankara Castle (Turkish: Ankara Kalesi) is a fortification from the late antique/early medieval era in Ankara, Turkey. The castle is composed of an inner line of walls with closely spaced towers that encloses an area of about 350m by 150m, and an outer line of walls with towers some 40m apart. Both set of walls were constructed using large quantities of reused masonry. The exact date of their construction is uncertain, but both postdate the capture and destruction of Ankara by the Persians in probably 622. Foss considers that the inner walls may date from the reign of Constans II. The outer walls are generally believed to have been constructed slightly later.	Ankara Castle
Anıtkabir (literally, "memorial tomb") is the mausoleum of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the leader of the Turkish War of Independence and the founder and first President of the Republic of Turkey. It is located in Ankara and was designed by architects Professor Emin Onat and Assistant Professor Ahmet Orhan Arda, whose proposal beat 48 other entries from several countries in a competition held by the Turkish Government in 1941 for a "monumental tomb" for Atatürk. The site is also the final resting place of İsmet İnönü, the second President of Turkey, who was interred there after he died in 1973. His tomb faces the Atatürk Mausoleum, on the opposite side of the Ceremonial Ground. The mausoleum was depicted on various Turkish banknotes during 1966–1987 and 1997–2009 and was included in the Turkish Chamber of Civil Engineers list of the fifty civil engineering feats in Turkey, a list of remarkable engineering projects realized in the first 50 years of the chamber.	Anitkabir
Marvel at the modern design of one of the largest mosques in the world, which welcomes about 24,000 worshippers at a time. The largest mosque in Ankara, Kocatepe Mosque strikes an imposing chord with its rising minarets and tiers of domes. It has become an icon in the city’s skyline, visible from most parts of the city on a clear day. Be one of the 24,000 visitors that the enormous mosque can accommodate at one time. Construction of the impressive spiritual center took about two decades to complete. It was rebuilt twice in varying styles before finding its current neoclassical Ottoman design.	Kocatepe Mosque
Atakule is a 410 feet high communications and observation tower located in the Çankaya district of central Ankara, Turkey, and is one of the primary landmarks of the city. As the district of Çankaya is itself on a hill, the tower can be spotted from almost anywhere in the city during clear days. The tower's design came from architect Ragıp Buluç and the construction works lasted from 1987 to 1989. The top section of the tower houses an open terrace and a revolving restaurant named Sevilla, which makes a full 360 degree rotation in one hour. On top of Sevilla is another restaurant, Dome, which is non-revolving and located directly under the cupola. Under the terrace is a café, named UFO. The bottom structures house a shopping mall and several indoor and outdoor restaurants. The tower was opened on 13 October 1989 by President Turgut Özal. Due to the ongoing rebuilding of the shopping mall, the tower is now closed to visitors.	Atakule Tower
Aqua Vega Aquarium is one of Turkey's and Europe's largest tunnel aquariums, with a total capacity of 4.5 million liters of waters and 98 meters in length. Aqua Vega Aquarium has large and small, consisting of salt and fresh water aquariums with different characteristics. In this atmosphere, you can be guest into the world of fascinating sea creatures from the oceans and rivers of the world. The world's seas and oceans is still a huge universe waiting to be discovered. You have the opportunity to discover this colorful and peaceful world of the sea creatures with Aqua Vega Aquarium in the center of Ankara.	Aqua Vega Aquarium