Kaleiçi old town is the historic city center of Antalya, Turkey. Until modern times, almost the entire city was confined within its walls. It has structures dating from the Roman, Byzantine, Seljuk, Ottoman and modern Turkish republican eras. Most of it however, dates to the late 18th and 19th centuries. While some of the traditional Turkish homes are occupied by residents, many have been converted into boutique hotels, restaurants and shops selling handicrafts and other folkloric arts. The area has been undergoing to an extensive restoration by the municipality of Antalya. The Kaleiçi area is located in the centre-eastern portion of the city along the mediterranean coast fronted by the yacht harbour that dates to the Roman era. The name Kaleiçi means "Inside the Kale" or "Inner Kale" (Kale itself means castle or fortress).	Old Town
Düden Waterfalls are a group of waterfalls in the province of Antalya, Turkey. The waterfalls, formed by the recycle station water, are located 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north-east of Antalya. They end where the waters of the Lower Düden Falls drop off a rocky cliff directly into the Mediterranean Sea. A group of Düden Waterfalls consists of two waterfalls, Upper Düden Waterfalls and Lower Duden Waterfalls.	Duden Waterfalls
The Antalya Museum or Antalya Archeological Museum is one of Turkey's largest museums, located in Konyaaltı, Antalya. It includes 13 exhibition halls and an open air gallery. It covers an area of 75,000 sq ft and 5000 works of art are exhibited. In addition a further 25,000–30,000 artifacts which cannot be displayed are in storage. The museum exhibits the examples of works which illuminate the history of the Mediterranean and Pamphylia regions in Anatolia. The Museum won the “European Council Special Prize” in 1988. The museum at first operated in the Alâeddin Mosque in 1922, then in Yivli Minare Mosque beginning from 1937, and then moved to its present building in 1972. It was closed to visitors for a wide range of modifications and restorations in 1982. It was reorganized according to modern museum concepts and opened to the public in April 1985, after the restorations and display arrangements made by the General Directorate of Ancient Objects and Museums.	Antalya Museum
Hadrian's Gate is a triumphal arch located in Antalya, Turkey, which was built in the name of the Roman emperor Hadrian, who visited the city in the year 130. It is the only remaining entrance gate in the walls that surround the city and harbor. The gate was discovered by Irish-British hydrographer Rear Admiral Sir Francis Beaufort in 1817. Hadrian's Gate consists of two colonnaded facades, three entry arches rising above four pylons and a tower standing on either side. It is about 26.2 feet high. The Southern Tower, known as the Julia Sancta, is from the Roman era but was likely built independently of the gate. The bottom section of the Northern Tower is from Roman times, but the upper part was rebuilt in the first half of the thirteenth century AD during the reign of Seljuk sultan Alaeddin Keykubat Iand contains an inscription in Arabic script.	Hadrian's Gate
Konyaaltı Beach is one of the two main beaches of Antalya, the other being Lara Beach. The beach is located on the western side of the city and stretches for 7 km from the cliffs to the Beydağları Mountains. It is bound inwards by the beach park and numerous bars, cafes, nightclubs and hotels, including the Rixos Downtown Hotel (formerly the Sheraton Voyager Hotel). The 'Aqualand' waterpark along Dumlupınar Bulvarı is the other border. The beach is patrolled by Life guards. The free of charge changing rooms and the showers are available for all visitors on the beach. The Turkish pine and shrubs of hibiscus grow along the beachfront.	Konyaalti Beach