Minnewater Lake	Sightseeing	Ecotourism	The lake and its park act as an entrance to the city and are home to many swans, a symbol of Bruges. The lake's name translates roughly to "lake of love," and its canals are cozy and romantic. The calm waters contain near-perfect reflections of the trees and buildings that surround the lake. Spend some quiet time in this picturesque park enjoying the beautiful scenery and the wild swans and other birds.	Temperate
Sonian Forest	Sightseeing, exploring	Ecotourism	The Sonian Forest or Sonian Wood is a 4,421-hectare (10,920-acre) forest at the southeast edge of Brussels, Belgium. The forest lies in the Flemish municipalities of Sint-Genesius-Rode, Hoeilaart, Overijse, and Tervuren, in the Brussels-Capital Region municipalities of Uccle, Watermael-Boitsfort, Auderghem, and Woluwe-Saint-Pierre, and in the Walloon towns of La Hulpe and Waterloo. Thus, it stretches out over the three Belgian Regions. It is maintained by Flanders (56%), the Brussels-Capital Region (38%), and Wallonia (6%). There are some contiguous tracts of privately held forest and the Kapucijnenbos, the "Capuchin Wood", which belongs to the Royal Trust. As of 2017, the Sonian Forest has been inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the only Belgian component to the multinational inscription 'Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and Other Regions of Europe'.	Temperate
Domaine Des Grottes De Han	Sightseeing	Ecotourism	Attracting about half a million tourists a year, the cave system of Domaine Des Grottes De Han represents one of the largest in Europe. Take the vintage tramway system through a natural reserve to the entrance of the caves. A guided tour will take you through the system, detailing the river that caused this underground expanse and showcasing light and sound through a demonstration of its acoustics. Make sure to dress warmly and wear walking shoes as there are over 500 stairs throughout the chilly depths. Check out the animal park nearby to see foxes, bears, sheep, horses, and more. There is also an outdoor playground and petting zoo.	Temperate, humid
Lac de Warfaaz	Sightseeing, Exploring	Ecotourism	The lake Warfaaz is an artificial lake near the thermal city of Spa in Ardennes in Belgium. The dam was built in 1892 on the Wayai river. The water volume is 360,000 m³ and the area is 0,08 km². It is a tourist attraction, with water sports, including Pedalo, Fishing.	Humid, temperate	
Grottes de Hotton	Sightseeing, Exploring	Ecotorism	Admire spectacular limestone formations at Grottes de Hotton, a set of caves in the Ardennes. Elaborately coated by speleothem, a secondary mineral deposit, the cave walls make for some fabulous underground scenery, with a maze of galleries and a stream. Discovered in 1958, this cave system is some 5-6 km (3-3.7 mi) long and 70 m (230 ft) deep. Take a guided tour to explore the rooms and balconies, admire shapes and shades, and hear the roar of the underground water in a 40 m (131 ft) deep chasm.	Humid, low temperatures				