Iguasu Falls	Sightseeing	Adventure Tourism	One of the largest and most spectacular waterfalls in the world is the amazing Iguasu Falls, situated on the border between Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina. Listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, this really is one of the world's greatest natural wonders, and if you have the chance to visit you should definitely do so. Set on the Iguasu River, the breathtaking Iguasu Falls can be easily accessed from the town of Foz do Iguacu on the Brazilian side, where there are plenty of places to stay. There is not just one waterfall here but many, and together they total 275 drops, covering a total width of 1.7 miles.	Humid, tropical
Amazaon Rainforest	Sightseeing, Exploring	Aventure, Eco Tourism	When we think of the natural environment of Brazil it's often the Amazon Rainforest that comes to mind, and rightly so. The Amazon Rainforest is a vast area of land, over 2.1 million square miles, the majority of which is contained within the borders of Brazil. It accounts for more than half of the world's remaining rainforest and an incredible number of species of plants, insects and wildlife. In fact, it's incredible to think this but new species are still being discovered frequently in the Amazon and there are still large areas of this jungle that remain unexplored. Those parts that have been explored though offer a great introduction to a tropical rainforest, and now it's easier than ever before for tourists to come and visit.	Humid, subtropical	
The Pantanal	Sightseeing	Ecotourism	The Pantanal is another vast area, covering around 54,000 square miles in the west of Brazil. Like Iguazu, the Pantanal is shared with two other countries, Bolivia and Paraguay, though the majority of it is here in Brazil. A huge swath of wetlands will not appeal to everyone, but this has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its natural importance. It is one of the world's largest wetlands after all, and is the perfect place to see birds, fish, mammals, and reptiles.	Tropical
Chapada Diamantina National Park	Sightseeing, Exploring	Ecotourism	The landscape within Chapada Diamantina National Park is very different to any of the above three natural wonders in Brazil, as it features mountains and valleys, with some areas rising to over 6,600 feet. The mountains are just one feature of this national park that is full of amazing scenery, including the highest waterfall in Brazil, and some excellent caves to explore. Chapada Diamantina is located in eastern Brazil, about 250 miles inland from Salvador, and is named after the diamonds that have been discovered here in the past. Guided tours will take you to see the best features of this park.	Tropical
Fernando de Noronha	Kayaking, swimming	Beach tourism	Situated 220 miles off the coast of Brazil, the archipelago of 21 islands called Fernando de Noronha is a beautiful and relatively untouched natural attraction, and this is yet another World Heritage Site. There are numerous pristine beaches on the islands and it's a great destination to enjoy diving and snorkeling. In fact this is the ultimate destination for outdoor lovers who like to get out and explore -- kayaking, trekking, boat tours, swimming, diving, snorkeling, dolphin watching and more can all be enjoyed on the islands of Fernando de Noronha.	Tropical	