Moraine Lake	Walking, Boating	Lake, Trail	Moraine Lake is a glacially fed lake in Banff National Park, 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) outside the Village of Lake Louise, Alberta, Canada. It is situated in the Valley of the Ten Peaks, at an elevation of approximately 1,884 metres (6,181 ft). The lake has a surface area of 50 hectares (120 acres). The lake, being glacially fed, does not reach its crest until mid to late June. When it is full, it reflects a distinctive shade of azure blue. The unique colour is due to the refraction of light off the rock flour deposited in the lake on a continual basis by surrounding glaciers. The trail is approximately 300 metres (980 ft) long, with an elevation change of 24 metres (79 ft). The view of the lake from the top of the rockpile is one of the most photographed locations in all of Canada.	Cold, Pleasant	
Niagara Falls	Maid of the Mist	Waterfall	Niagara Falls is a group of three waterfalls at the southern end of Niagara Gorge, spanning the border between the US state of New York and the Canadian province of Ontario. The largest of the three is Horseshoe Falls, also known as Canadian Falls, which straddles the international border between Canada and the United States.[1] The smaller American Falls and Bridal Veil Falls lie entirely within the United States. Bridal Veil Falls are separated from Horseshoe Falls by Goat Island and from American Falls by Luna Island, with both islands situated in New York as well. Located on the Niagara River, which drains Lake Erie into Lake Ontario, the combined falls have the highest flow rate of any waterfall in North America that has a vertical drop of more than 50 metres (160 ft). During peak daytime tourist hours, more than 168,000 m3 (six million cubic feet) of water goes over the crest of the falls every minute.	Humid, Cold
Skaha Beach	Sightseeing, Volleyball, picnic	Beach	The Okanagan valley has some of the most beautiful beaches around, but family-friendly Skaha Beach is exceptional. On the south end, you’ll see teenagers setting up beach volleyball nets and kids running around the adjoining big grassy park, which has picnic tables, tennis and basketball courts, a watersplash park, and a playground marina. During Penticton’s annual Peachfest in August, Skaha Beach is the site of a sand art competition, and the beach is dotted with intricate creations worth checking out.	Very cold, Continental
Bruce Peninsula National Park	Boating, Sightseeing	Park, Lake	Bruce Peninsula National Park is a national park on the Bruce Peninsula in Ontario, Canada. Located on a part of the Niagara Escarpment, the park comprises 156 square kilometres and is one of the largest protected areas in southern Ontario, forming the core of UNESCO's Niagara Escarpment World Biosphere Reserve.[1] The park offers opportunities for many outdoor activities, including hiking, camping, and bird watching. The park has trails ranging in difficulty from easy to expert, and connects to the Bruce Trail. The park also offers visitors vistas to view either the sunrise or sunset, the rocks of the Niagara Escarpment, and the wildlife, which includes black bear, many species of birds, wild orchids, massasauga rattlesnake, and much more.	Temperate
Yellowknife	Watching Northern Lights	Sky Watching	Yellowknife is the capital, only city, and largest community in the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is on the northern shore of Great Slave Lake, about 400 km (250 mi) south of the Arctic Circle, on the west side of Yellowknife Bay near the outlet of the Yellowknife River. Of the eleven official languages of the Northwest Territories, five are spoken in significant numbers in Yellowknife: Dene Suline, Dogrib, South and North Slavey, English, and French. In the Dogrib language, the city is known as Sǫ̀mbak'è (Som-ba Kay) ("where the money is").[8][9] Modern Yellowknives members can be found in the adjoining, primarily Indigenous communities of Ndilǫ and Dettah. The Yellowknife settlement is considered to have been founded in 1934,[1] after gold was found in the area, although commercial activity in the present-day waterfront area did not begin until 1936.	Cold and Temperate