Toronto	2930000	Peameal Bacon Sandwich	Toronto is the provincial capital of Ontario and the most populous city in Canada. The diverse population of Toronto reflects its current and historical role as an important destination for immigrants to Canada. More than 50 percent of residents belong to a visible minority population group,and over 200 distinct ethnic origins are represented among its inhabitants.While the majority of Torontonians speak English as their primary language, over 160 languages are spoken in the city. Toronto is a prominent centre for music,theatre,motion picture production, and television production,and is home to the headquarters of Canada's major national broadcast networks and media outlets.Its varied cultural institutions,which include numerous museums and galleries, festivals and public events, entertainment districts, national historic sites, and sports activities,attract over 43 million tourists each year.	Continental	
Vancouver	675218	Sushi and Seafood	Vancouver is a seaport city in western Canada, located in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia. Vancouver has the highest population density in Canada, with over 5,400 people per square kilometre,which makes it the fifth-most densely populated city with over 250,000 residents in North America, behind New York City, Guadalajara, San Francisco, and Mexico City. Vancouver is one of the most ethnically and linguistically diverse cities in Canada: 52% of its residents are not native English speakers, 48.9% are native speakers of neither English nor French, and 50.6% of residents belong to visible minority groups. Vancouver is consistently named as one of the top five worldwide cities for livability and quality of life, and the Economist Intelligence Unit acknowledged it as the first city ranked among the top ten of the world's most well-living cities for ten consecutive years. In 2011, the city planned to become the greenest city in the world by 2020.	Oceanic
Montreal	1780000	Bagels	Montreal is the most populous city in the Canadian province of Quebec and the second-most populous city in Canada. Originally founded in 1642 as Ville-Marie, or "City of Mary", it is named after Mount Royal, the triple-peaked hill in the heart of the city. The city is centred on the Island of Montreal, which got its name from the same origin as the city,and a few much smaller peripheral islands, the largest of which is Île Bizard. The city is situated 196 km (122 mi) east of the national capital Ottawa, and 258 km (160 mi) south-west of the provincial capital, Quebec City. Montreal has hosted multiple international conferences and events, including the 1967 International and Universal Exposition and the 1976 Summer Olympics. It is the only Canadian city to have held the quadrennial Summer Olympics.  It remains an important centre of commerce, aerospace, transport, finance, pharmaceuticals, technology, design, education, art, culture, and tourism.	Humid, Continental