Beijing	21540000	Jiaozi	Beijing is the capital of the People's Republic of China. It is the world's most populous capital city, with over 21 million residents within an administrative area of 16,410.5 kilometer square. Moreover, Beijing is home to seven UNESCO World Heritage Sites.The city, located in North China, is governed as a municipality under the direct administration of the central government with 16 urban, suburban, and rural districts. Beijing is an important world capital and global power city, and one of the world's leading centers for culture, diplomacy and politics, business and economy, education, language, and science and technology.	Continental,Temperate
Shanghai	23400000	Soup Dumplings	Shanghai is one of the four municipalities of the People's Republic of China. It is located on the southern estuary of the Yangtze, with the Huangpu River flowing through it. With a population of 23.4 million as of 2019, it is the most populous urban area in China and the second most populous city proper in the world. Shanghai is a global center for finance, innovation and transportation and the Port of Shanghai is the world's busiest container port.Originally a fishing village and market town, Shanghai grew in importance in the 19th century due to trade and its favorable port location. The city was one of five treaty ports forced open to foreign trade after the First Opium War.	Subtropical,Monsoon
Hong Kong	7451000	Dim sum	Hong Kong  is a city and special administrative region of China in the eastern Pearl River Delta by the South China Sea. With over 7.4 million people of various nationalities[d] in a 1,104-square-kilometre (426 sq mi) territory, Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated places in the world. The whole territory was returned to China in 1997.[19] As a special administrative region, Hong Kong maintains separate governing and economic systems from that of mainland China under a principle of "one country, two systems. It is the world's tenth-largest exporter and ninth-largest importer. [22][23] Hong Kong has a major capitalist service economy characterised by low taxation and free trade, and the currency, Hong Kong dollar, is the eighth most traded currency in the world	Subtropical