Zhangjiajie National Forest Park	Sightseeing, Walking on a glass bridge	Canyon,Valley	Zhangjiajie National Forest Park, set up in 1982, is the first authorized national forest park in China. The area covers 480 thousand square meters (185 square miles). This park, together with Suoxi Valley Nature Reserve, Tianzi Mountain Nature Reserve and Yangjiajie Scenic Area makes up the Wulingyuan Scenic and Historic Interest Area, also known as Zhangjiajie Scenic Spot. Moreover, Zhangjiajie National Forest Park, the inspiration of Avatar, is a must-see place for its out-of-this-world scenery.	Temperate
Li River Karst Scenery	Boating, Cruise	River,Hills	The karst landscape along Li River is widely considered representative of this kind of inland region. Hailed as having the largest and most beautiful karst landscape, the river meanders for about 102 miles, boasting incomparable scenes of lofty green peaks on both of its banks. The main features of the river are the green hills, clear water, peculiar stones and splendid caves. In a list of the World's Top 15 Rivers quoted CNN, the Li River is the only one from China.	Moonsoon, Subtropical
Mount Everest	Mountain climbing,Skiing	Mountain	Mount Everest is Earth's highest mountain above sea level, located in the Mahalangur Himal sub-range of the Himalayas. The international border between Nepal (Province No. 1) and China (Tibet Autonomous Region) runs across its summit point.The current official elevation of 8,848 m (29,029 ft), recognised by China and Nepal, was established by a 1955 Indian survey and subsequently confirmed by a Chinese survey in 1975.The first recorded efforts to reach Everest's summit were made by British mountaineers. As Nepal did not allow foreigners to enter the country at the time, the British made several attempts on the north ridge route from the Tibetan side. After the first reconnaissance expedition by the British in 1921 reached 7,000 m (22,970 ft) on the North Col, the 1922 expedition pushed the north ridge route up to 8,320 m (27,300 ft), marking the first time a human had climbed above 8,000 m (26,247 ft).	Very cold, Snowy
The Qiantang Tidal Bore	Rafting	Tidal waves	The Qiantang River or alternatively Tsientang River is a river in East China. An important commercial artery, it runs for 459 kilometers (285 mi) through Zhejiang, passing through the provincial capital Hangzhou before flowing into the East China Sea via Hangzhou Bay. Its original name, the "Zhe River" or "Zhe Jiang", is the origin of the name of Zhejiang province. The river is also known, along with Hangzhou Bay, for having the world's largest tidal bore, a phenomenon where leading edge of the incoming tide forms a wave (or waves) of water that travels up a river or narrow bay against the direction of the river or bay's current.	Humid
Jiuzhaigou	Walking, Photoshoots	Wildlife,Scenery,Waterfall	Jiuzhaigou is a nature reserve and national park located in the north of Sichuan Province in the southwestern region of China. A long valley running north to south, Jiuzhaigou was inscribed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 1992 and a World Biosphere Reserve in 1997. The Jiuzhaigou valley is part of the Min Mountains on the edge of the Tibetan Plateau and stretches over 72,000 hectares (180,000 acres). It is known for its many multi-level waterfalls, colorful lakes, and snow-capped peaks. Its elevation ranges from 2,000 to 4,500 metres (6,600 to 14,800 ft). 	Cold, Temperate