Cote de Granit Rose	Sailing, Canoeing, Stand-up paddle	Beach	The pink rocks of Brittany's rose granite beach can only be found in two other places on earth: China and Corsica. The unusual coloration is a result of the presence of iron oxide in the feldspar rocks. Cottages tucked between the rosy rocks add an additionally quirky touch to the whole scene; the tiny house near Le Gouffre is especially a must-see. The beach is also home to a number of rare bird species, making it a renowned ecotourism destination.	Bright, Oceanic
Gorges du Verdon	Rock climbing, Canoeing, Rafting	Canyon	A seven hundred meter deep canyon filled with sparkling bright turquoise waters, the Gorges du Verdon winds 25km through the mountains just northwest of Cannes. Considered to be one of the most beautiful gorges in all of Europe, it's a prime location for rock climbing, canoeing, rafting, paragliding, or some good old fishing. Make sure to swim through the Styx du Verdon as well, the intimate mini-canyon within Gorges du Verdon.	Warm,Temperate
Pont d'Arc	Boating	River	The Pont d'Arc (French pont = bridge) is a large natural bridge, located in the Ardèche département in the south of France, 5 km from the town of Vallon-Pont-d'Arc. The arch, formed when the Ardèche River broke through a narrow escarpment between its meander, is 59 metres (194 ft) wide and 34 m (112 ft) high at the top of the opening.[2] It is a very popular canoeing and kayaking area and is heavily visited by tourists. It is usually described as the natural entrance to the Ardèche Canyon.	Warm, Temperate
Camargue Salt Flats	Sightseeing	Lake	Tinged a mystical shade of pink and red thanks to the mineral content of its lagoons, the Camargue Salt Flats are more than just a pretty scene to observe; you can actually take a horseback tour on one of the region's wild white Camargue horses. Pro tip: head to the Parc Ornithologique for a glimpse of the native flamingos that call the flats home. These salt lakes are known as Salin d’Aigues-Mortes in French, or salt of Aigues-Mortes. It’s said that Salin d’Aigues-Mortes is the largest salt marsh in the Mediterranean, producing about 500,000 tons of salt per year!	Very hot, Temperate
Dune du Pilat	Paragliding	Sand Dune	Who would've thought Europe’s highest sand dune would be found in France? Only an hour away from Bordeaux, the stunning sandy landscape is not only great for photo ops, but also for paragliding – and the occasional skier when the dunes are dusted with snow in the winter. Sand boarding is a rising trend on the slopes as well, while sailing on the dune's nearest body of water, the Passe Sud, is an unforgettable experience.	Sunny,Pleasant