Neuschwanstein Castle	Sightseeing, Hiking	Cultural Tourism	Neuschwanstein Castle is a 19th-century Romanesque Revival palace on a rugged hill above the village of Hohenschwangau near Füssen in southwest Bavaria, Germany. The palace was commissioned by Ludwig II of Bavaria as a retreat and in honour of Richard Wagner. Ludwig paid for the palace out of his personal fortune and by means of extensive borrowing, rather than Bavarian public funds. The castle was intended as a home for the king, until he died in 1886. It was open to the public shortly after his death.	Temperate, marine
Großer Arber	Skiing	Mountainous Tourism	The Großer Arber; Czech: Velký Javor, "Great Maple" or Great Arber, is the highest peak of the Bavarian/Bohemian Forest mountain range and in Lower Bavaria, with an elevation of 1,455.5 metres. As a result, it is known in the Lower Bavarian county of Regen and the Upper Palatine county of Cham as the "King of the Bavarian Forest". Its summit region consists of paragneiss.	Cold mountainous climate
Tropical Islands	Sightseeing, swimming	Beach Tourism	Tropical Islands Resort is a tropical theme park located in the former Brand-Briesen Airfield in Halbe, municipality in the district of Dahme-Spreewald in Brandenburg, Germany, 50 kilometres from the southern boundary of Berlin. It is housed in a former airship hangar, the biggest free-standing hall in the world. The hall belonged to the company Cargolifter until its insolvency in 2002. Tropical Islands has a maximum capacity of 8,200 visitors a day. In its first year of operation it attracted 975,000 visitors, according to the operators.	Temperate, marine
Cologne Cathedral	Sightseeing	Cultural Tourism	Cologne Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Cologne and of the administration of the Archdiocese of Cologne. It is a renowned monument of German Catholicism and Gothic architecture and was declared a World Heritage Site in 1996. It is Germany's most visited landmark, attracting an average of 20,000 people a day, and currently the tallest twin-spired church at 157 m tall, second in Europe after Ulm Minster and third in the world.	Temperate, marine
Europa Park	Sightseeing, amusement park	Adventure Tourism	Europa-Park is the largest theme park in Germany, and the second most popular theme park resort in Europe, following Disneyland Paris. Europa-Park is located in Rust, in south-western Germany, between Freiburg im Breisgau and Strasbourg. The park is home to 13 roller coasters, the oldest being Alpenexpress Enzian, a powered coaster that speeds through a diamond mine, and the newest coaster being the Ba-a-a Express, a small kiddie roller coaster. Europa-Park has very high capacity roller coasters and attractions meaning the park can accommodate approximately 60,000 guests per day.	Average temperatures, temperate climate