The Gravensteen is a medieval castle at Ghent, East Flanders in Belgium. The current castle dates from 1180 and was the residence of the Counts of Flanders until 1353. It was subsequently re-purposed as a court, prison, mint, and even as a cotton factory. It was restored over 1893–1903 and is now a museum and a major landmark in the city.	Gravensteen
The 91-metre-tall belfry of Ghent is one of three medieval towers that overlook the old city centre of Ghent, Belgium, the other two belonging to Saint Bavo Cathedral and Saint Nicholas' Church. Its height makes it the tallest belfry in Belgium. The belfry of Ghent, together with its attached buildings, belongs to the set of belfries of Belgium and France inscribed on UNESCO's World Heritage List.	Het Belfort van Gent
The Museum of Fine Arts in Ghent, Belgium, is situated at the East side of the Citadelpark. The museum holds a large permanent collection of art from the Middle Ages until the mid 20th century. The collection focuses on Flemish Art but also has several European- especially French- paintings. It also has a large amount of sculptures. Next to its permanent collection the museum organises temporary exhibitions. The building was designed by city architect Charles van Rysselberghe around 1900. In 2007 the museum reopened after four years of restoration.	Museum voor Schone Kunsten
Design Museum Gent is the only museum in Belgium with an international design collection. The museum complex, situated in the heart of the tourist centre of Ghent, comprises an imposing 18th-century mansion and a modern wing. The museum possesses a comprehensive and trend-setting collection of Belgian design, supported by international top-class objects. Its collection includes everything from the Art Nouveau of Henry van de Velde to contemporary avant-garde design.	Design Museum Gent
The Ghent City Museum is a museum in the Belgian city of Ghent. The museum exposes the city history and opened its doors on 9 October 2010. With respect to the collection that is shown, the history of this museum goes back to 1833, the year in which the Oudheidkundig Museum van de Bijloke in Ghent was founded. In 1928 the museum was situated in the Bijloke abbey - this led to the name Bijlokemuseum. With the Bijloke collection as base and the Bijloke abbey and Bijloke monastery as buildings, the STAM functions as a modern-day heritage forum. Parts from other collections were added to the Bijloke collection. In connection to the historical buildings a new entrance building was constructed, designed by Ghent's city architect Koen Van Nieuwenhuyse.	STAM - Ghent City Museum				