Hong Kong's famous Star Ferry, with roots dating back to 1880, costs only a few Hong Kong Dollars to ride, making it one of the best deals in all of Hong Kong. Victoria Harbour is a hive of activity, and ships of all shapes and sizes chug, zip, or wallow past as the expert captains of the Star Ferries somehow avoid collisions. As you travel the main route from Kowloon to Hong Kong Island, or more specifically, Tsim Sha Tsui (TST) to Central, it's hard not to be struck by the dense towers of Hong Kong Island, backed by green mountains rising up before you. The breeze off the water is exceptionally refreshing, and the wide-open spaces are a perfect antidote to the tight confines of the city.	Star Ferry
Hong Kong has one of the most impressive and recognizable skylines in the world. The dense collection of skyscrapers, both on the island of Hong Kong and in Kowloon, combined with the surrounding mountains and harbor set this city apart. In the harbor, traditional red-sailed Chinese junk boats and the historic Star Ferry contrast sharply with the backdrop of modern high-rises. At night, the skyline changes character completely as the sky darkens and the city lights fill the scene. Two of the best places in Hong Kong to see the skyline are from the top of Victoria Peak or from the Kowloon waterfront.	Hong Kong Skyline
The Wong Tai Sin Temple is one of the newest in Hong Kong and also one of the most interesting. Located in Kowloon, the original temple was a private structure built in 1920. It was later replaced with a newer building in 1968, which is what visitors see today. The temple was built to honor the Taoist god Wong Tai Sin, whom locals regard as the bringer of good luck in horse-racing and a healer of illnesses. A festival is held at the temple in Wong Tai Sin's name each fall. Expect to see fortune-tellers in the large hall, as well as joss sticks and other offerings that visitors can use. It is customary for guests to leave a small donation toward the temple's maintenance.	Wong Tai Sin Temple
Hong Kong Disneyland is located on Lantau Island. Here, you'll find a wonderful world filled with fun and fantasy populated with the cast and characters from Disney movies. The park is divided into seven lands: Adventureland; Fantasyland; Toy Story Land; Tomorrowland; Grizzly Gulch; Mystic Point; and Main Street, U.S.A. Performances happen throughout the day in the various lands and feature everything from parades to musicals, right through to evening fireworks over the castle. Also on offer are a wide array of adventures, ranging from Jungle cruises to a trip to Tarzan's Treehouse, as well as water-based fun at Liki Tiki.	Hong Kong Disneyland
While in Tsim Sha Tsui, be sure to visit the Garden of Stars. This is where the city pays homage to some of Hong Kong's best known film stars. Similar to the Walk of Fame in Hollywood, the Garden of Stars features stars dedicated to Chinese performers. You can see handprints of some of these famous people, like martial arts great Bruce Lee, displayed on plaques. Originally opened in 2004 along the waterfront promenade in Kowloon (TST) as the Avenue of the Stars, development in the area caused the park to relocate and change its name, at least temporarily. It's now a little farther out from the central area and across the street from the waterfront, but the changes were creatively and tastefully executed.	Garden of Stars