The very well known Charminar of Hyderabad is located at the Old City. This square shaped structure with a height of 56 m and breadth of 30 m was constructed in 1591. It was built by Sultan Mohammed Quli Qutb Shah in the honor of his wife Bhagmati. Also referred as the ‘Arc de Triomphe of the East’, Charminar is adorned with four towers in each corner. The minarets on each side, is of 48.7 m height, each with four storeys. Chaminar has a small mosque as well on the top floor. There are 45 prayer spaces which are still visited by people, particularly on Fridays.	Charminar
Just 11 km away from the city, the architectural marvel Golconda Fort is well connected to the rest of the city. Built by Qutub Shahi Kings, this fort presents an impressive structure, with eight gates and 87 bastions. Its impressive structure has majestic walls which are as high as 15 to 18 foot and a parameter of close to 11 km. Along with brilliant architecture, this fort also captivates its visitors with its system of acoustics, its water supply system, 'Rahban' cannon and Ramdas’ prison which has carved Hindu deity in it. The light and the sound show in English, Hindi and Telugu language with the voice over by the Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan is something one must not miss when visiting the Fort.	Golconda Fort
Since 1991, Ramoji Film City has been alluring tourists from every corner of the country. One of the largest film studios in the world it has the capacity to house almost 50 film units within a given point of time. It is also listed in Guinness Book of World Records as well. Spread over 2500 acres, it is situated about 30 km away from Hyderabad. Its brilliant architecture and sound technical facilities make it suitable for all the pre and post production of a film. Its various sets like London Street, Hollywood sign, Japanese gardens, etc; landscapes; vintage buses; and many other features such as Filmi Duniya, Action, Interactive Entertainment, etc, makes a trip to Ramoji memorable.	Ramoji Film City
Connecting the twin cities, Hussain Sagar Lake boasts of being the largest artificial lake in Asia. On the tributary of Musi River, it was excavated during Ibrahim Quli Qutub Shah’s reign, in 1562 AD. It has got its name after Hussain Shah Wali. The main attraction is 16 m high white granite statue of Lord Bhudda with a weight of 350 tonnes, situated at the middle of the lake. The lighting show here is worth watching. One can take a ferry ride to the statue, which takes and brings back visitors at regular intervals. One can indulge in various recreational activities which are offered here such as boating with the choice of speed boats as well as motor boats, water-skiing, parasailing and cruising.	Hussain Sagar Lake
Located atop 280-foot-high hillock of Kalapahad, the beautiful Birla Mandir has derived its name from the industrialist Birlas who have constructed Birla temples in various parts of the country. Constructed in 1976, it is said it took close to 2000 tonnes of white marbles to build this stunning temple which was brought from Rajasthan. It has drawn its architecture from the amalgamation of three known architectural designs - South Indian Architecture, Utkal temple Architecture and Rajasthani Architecture. The temple has 11 ft. tall statue of Lord Lakshminarayana with a magnificent lotus carved around it. It also has separate shrines for deities such as Venkateswara, 'Padmavati' and 'Andal' as well. The complex also houses a separate temple of Lord Bhudda.	Birla Mandir 	