Mount Damavand	Mountain climbing	Mountain	More than 65 kilometres northeast of Tehran, at a height of 5,610m, Mount Damavand is the highest mountain in the Middle East, and a worthy challenge for any accomplished mountaineer. Visible from Tehran on a clear day, the mountain is snow capped all year round, and features prominently in Persian folklore and literature. Located in the Alborz Mountain range, reaching Damavand’s peak will take the best part of two days and earn you the eternal respect of any Iranians in your life.	Snowy, Very cold
Dasht-e-Lut	Tours, Camel rides	Desert	The Dasht-e Lut (Lut Desert) is one of Iran’s two great deserts, covering an area of over 50,000 square kilometres in the central eastern part of the country. Reportedly laying claim to the hottest land surface temperatures ever recorded, an astonishing 70.7 degrees, it is not an ideal location for an afternoon picnic. Nevertheless, the weather beaten, moonscapes of the desert make an unforgettable venue for night-time camping beneath the stars, and the views at dawn are mesmerising. Tour guides will take you from the city of Kerman for a reasonable fee. Be sure to check out the mysterious kaluts too, the famed giant rock formations of the desert.	Very hot, Dry
Latun Waterfall	Photoshoot, Sightseeing 	Waterfall,Mountain	Whilst in Gilan province, it’s worth heading to the northern county of Astara to see Iran’s highest waterfall. Against a breathtaking backdrop of forested mountains, Latun falls from a height of 105 metres. The tranquillity of the surrounding waters makes a perfect lunchtime pit stop, or even a refreshing swim if you are feeling adventurous.	Warm, Pleasant
Badab-e Surt	Sightseeing	Rock,Hot Springs	Badab Soort is a natural site in Mazandaran Province in northern Iran, 95 kilometres (59 mi) south of the city of Sari, and 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) west of Orost village. It comprises a range of stepped travertine terrace formations that have been created over thousands of years as flowing water from two mineral hot springs cooled and deposited carbonate minerals on the mountainside.Badab is a Persian compound of Bād "gas" + āb "water", translating to "gassed water", referring to the springs' waters being carbonated mineral waters. Soort is an old name for the Orost village and a Persian word meaning intensity.	Hot,Dry
Qeshm Island	Sightseeing, Cruise	Island,Caves,Castle,Dome	Qeshm Island is located a few kilometers off the southern coast of Iran (Persian Gulf), opposite the port cities of Bandar Abbas and Bandar Khamir. The island, which hosts a 300-square-kilometre (116-square-mile) free zone jurisdiction, is 135 km long, and lies strategically in the Strait of Hormuz, just 60 kilometres (37 miles) from the Omani port of Khasab, and about 180 kilometres (112 miles) from the UAE Port Rashid. The island, at its widest point, located near the center of the island, spans 40 kilometres (25 miles). Similarly, at it narrowest point, the island spans 9.4 kilometres (5.8 miles). 	Very Hot, Dry, Desert