Hagia Sophia ("Holy Wisdom") is the former Greek Orthodox Christian patriarchal cathedral, later an Ottoman imperial mosque and now a museum (Ayasofya Müzesi) in Istanbul, Turkey. Built in AD 537, during the reign of Justinian. It is famous for its large dome. It was the world's largest building and an engineering marvel of its time. It is considered the epitome of Byzantine architecture and is said to have "changed the history of architecture". The Hagia Sophia is of masonry construction. The structure has brick and mortar joints that are 1.5 times the width of the bricks. The mortar joints are composed of a combination of sand and minute ceramic pieces distributed evenly throughout the mortar joints. This combination of sand and ceramic pieces could be considered the contemporaneous equivalent of modern concrete.	Aya Sofya
Sultan Ahmed Mosque, also known as the Blue Mosque, is a historic mosque located in Istanbul, Turkey. It remains a functioning mosque, while also attracting large numbers of tourist visitors. It was constructed between 1609 and 1616 during the rule of Ahmed I. Its Külliye contains Ahmed's tomb, a madrasah and a hospice. Hand-painted blue tiles adorn the mosque’s interior walls, and at night the mosque is bathed in blue as lights frame the mosque’s five main domes, six minarets and eight secondary domes. It sits next to the Hagia Sophia, another popular tourist site.	Blue Mosque
The hippodrome was an ancient Greek stadium for horse racing and chariot racing. The name is derived from the Greek words hippos. The term is used in the modern French language and some others, with the meaning of "horse racecourse". Hence, some present-day horse racing tracks also include the word hippodrome in their names, such as the Hippodrome de Vincennes and the Central Moscow Hippodrome.	Hippodrome
The city's foremost archaeological museum is housed in three buildings close to Topkapı Palace. There are many highlights, but the sarcophagi from the Royal Necropolis of Sidon are particularly striking. Currently undergoing a massive renovation, much of the main building is closed and only the Tiled Pavilion, Museum of the Ancient Orient and Ancient Age Sculpture section (where the sarcophagi are displayed) can be visited. The remaining exhibits are due to reopen in 2020. The complex has three main parts: the Museum of the Ancient Orient, the Archaeology Museum and the Tiled Pavilion. These museums house the palace collections formed during the late 19th century by museum director, artist and archaeologist Osman Hamdi Bey. The complex can be easily reached by walking down the slope from Topkapı's First Court, or by walking up the hill from the main gate of Gülhane Park.	Istanbul Archaeology Museum
The Galata Tower is by far one of the most representative tourist attractions in the entire Turkey and not just Istanbul. Just like the name clearly suggests it, it is located in the Galata quarter of Instabul, which is easily accessible. The tower is often referred to as the Galata Kulesi (a common name on signs) – it Turkish name. Once you are around it, you simply cannot miss it. It is a medieval structure erected hundreds of years ago. Also, it is entirely made of stone. The Galata Tower is located closed to the main junction of Bosphorus and the Golden Horn. When you get in the area, an open view will make the tower quite visible. There are signs everywhere too. The tower is not just high, but it also has a cone cap. It dominates the local skyline from pretty much any direction you look at it.	Galata Tower