Milan	1352000	Risotto alla Milanese	Milan or ‘Milano’ is located in the plains of the Lombardy region of Italy which has a humid subtropical climate with typically damp cold winters and warm humid summer. It is considered Italy’s second largest city with a population of about 1.3 million, and Italy’s largest metropolitan area with an urban area of about 4.5 million featuring ethnic representation from over 145 countries. The city was first inhabited by the Gauls in 400 B.C, followed by the Romans who conquered it and named it Mediolanum. It was later declared the capital of the Western Roman Empire by Emperor Diocletian in 293 AD. The Visconti noble family came to power in 1300 and brought about a lengthy period of splendour and wealth to the city. After Francesco Sforza of the Sforza family took over, Milan became one of the leading cities of the Italian Renaissance fostering development in sciences, art and literature.	Humid Subtropical	
Rome	2873000	Allesso di Bollito	Rome was called the “Eternal City” by the ancient Romans because they believed that no matter what happened in the rest of the world, the city of Rome would always remain standing. Exploring the city centre by foot surrounded by glorious monuments and colossal remains takes you back in time to the “glory that was Rome”. With its unparalleled history, Rome is the third most visited city in Europe and the fourteenth worldwide. It attracts visitors from all over the world who are impatient to discover the city’s impressive monuments and archaeological sites; not to mention its renowned cuisine and its lively atmosphere. When exploring the Colosseum, visitors will easily imagine how the gladiators fought for their life in the arena, cheered by the crowd. In the Circus Maximus, travelers will picture the chariots crashing into each other in order to be first in the race, and in the Roman Forum visualise what the Roman public life was like.	Humid Subtropical
Venice	261905	Sarde in saor	Venice was founded over 1,500 years ago on 117 different islands that are linked by 150 canals and around 400 bridges and pavements. The buildings are supported by, and built upon, oak and pine piles that are driven deep into the ground. They are secure because the soil is so water logged that there’s no free oxygen in it, so there’s no decay. The city exudes confidence. It is a series of islands and so is at risk of flooding, but that has never stopped the Venetians building the most spectacular buildings and structures here. It also came through World War 2, and an Allied attack on German naval operations in the city.  When you visit Venice, you will see that water is incorporated into the life of the city since Venice is made up of 117 different islands. All holidays in Venice will involve a water-based trip of some kind – whether it’s on the Vaperetto or aboard a gondola.	Moderately Continental