Lazio countryside	Ballon Tours	Adventure tourism	Lift off into the skies on a 1-hour hot air balloon ride over Lazio’s rolling countryside near Rome. Rise early and prepare for takeoff from the village of Magliano Sabina. Experience the tranquil feeling of floating through the morning air. Gaze down at the scenic landscapes below and glide over verdant vineyards, gently sloping hills and majestic castles. Toast the experience with a celebratory glass of sparkling wine upon landing. Most cities in Italy offers these services.	High Altitude, low temperatures
Cinque Terre	Sightseeing, diving, photoshooting	Beach Tourism	Italy’s fabled Cinque Terre, or five villages, is one of the most iconic scenes in the country. These cliffside fishing towns are located in the country’s northwestern Liguria region and are Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso al Mare: five places that each espouse their own unique histories and charm. Although they are each stunning in their own way, Vernazza is often touted as the loveliest town for its quaint and photogenic harbor.	High temperatures
Scala dei Turchi	Hiking, Sightseeing	Beach, Adventure Tourism	Scala dei Turchi, or “Stair of the Turks”, is a tiered rocky white cliff located in southern Sicily. Made up of soft limestone rock and white marl, which is a sedimentary rock, the stretch of coastline has withstood millennia of lapping ocean waves and salty breezes that have created natural terraces on the territory, giving the formation its name. It is also named for Turkish pirates that invaded Sicily numerous times over the centuries.	Humid, average temperatures
Terme di Saturnia	Hiking	Adventure Tourism	Italy is not only blessed with beautiful beaches, snowy mountain peaks, fresh water lakes and verdant valleys; the country is also replete with thermal baths and hot springs. Some of the most famous and loveliest thermal springs are found in Tuscany’s southern Maremma region. The terme di Saturnia, also referred to as the cascate del mulino, or waterfalls of the mill, contain warm sulphurous waters that spills over into a series tiered pools for a truly magical effect.	High Altitude, low temperatures
Archipelago della Maddalena	Diving, Sailing	Beach Tourism	Located in northern Sardinia, the Maddalena Archipelago is a series of islands and islets that boast some of the Italy’s most heavenly beaches. With windswept, rugged coastlines made of rose-tinted granite, pristine beaches and translucent turquoise water, the archipelago feels like heaven on earth and has retained much of its natural beauty. It is best visited by boat which allows you to reach the archipelago’s tiniest coves and beaches.	High temperatures