The impressive cultural heritage of Lyon is evidenced in this Musee des Beaux-Arts, considered the next-best fine arts museum in France after the Louvre. At the Place des Terreaux near the Hotel de Ville (Town Hall), the museum occupies the 17th-century Palais Saint-Pierre, a former Benedictine convent. This museum has one of Europe's largest collections of artwork, including antiquities, paintings, sculpture, and decorative art-from ancient Egypt to the present day. The museum also has an excellent collection of Impressionist paintings and modern art.Highlights of the painting collection include the medieval altarpiece. The museum's café-restaurant, Les Terrasses Saint-Pierre, has a pleasant atmosphere. During summertime, guests may dine al fresco on the terrace in the gardens.	Musee des Beaux Arts
Built on the slopes of the Croix-Rousse hillside, this historic neighborhood was an important center of weaving in the early 19th-century. Because of the high gradient of the streets, there are many charming curves and staircases. The most unique aspect of the neighborhood is its collection of "traboules," covered passageways that function as public hallways through the quarters of private houses. These special alleyways were used by silk workers to transport their fabrics. Wander around the neighborhood to discover the architectural curiosities of the winding streets and hidden traboules.This small museum is dedicated to the art of creating silk. During a visit, tourists can discover the invention of the Jacquard loom and watch hand-weaving demonstrations on traditional looms.	Colline de la Croix-Rousse
Lyon's Presqu'ile District is a piece of land, sort of like an island, within the river. This neighborhood is distinguished by its beautiful architecture and monumental town squares. The Place des Terreaux is worth visiting just to see the fountain by F.A. Bartholdi. This grandiose work of art depicts the triumphal chariot of the Garonne River. Notice the four marvelously sculpted horses that look very hardworking, they represent the four different rivers that flow into the ocean. Lyon's Hôtel de Ville (Town Hall) is found on the east side of the square. Originally built between 1646 and 1672, the Hôtel de Ville was rebuilt (after a fire) by Jules Hardouin-Mansart in his signature Baroque style. Another monumental edifice in this area is the Palais de la Bourse et du Commerce, on Rue de la République. 	Presqu'ile District
In a majestic location on the Fourviere Hill, the Basilique Notre-Dame rises to a height of 130 meters above the Saone River. The Basilica is accessible by funiculars running up the hill. This stunning church was built after the Franco-Prussian War when the people of Lyon had vowed to create a Marian sanctuary if their city was spared. The construction took place from 1872 to 1884. The Basilica is a blend of Gothic and Byzantine styles with a richly decorated interior. Spend time in the sanctuary to admire the sumptuous mosaics and paintings. After touring the interior, climb the northeast tower to take in the sensational views of Lyon's cityscape and surrounding areas. Also, the Esplanade de Fourvière, on the left side of the Basilica, provides a sensational panoramic outlook onto the city of Lyon. 	Basilique Notre-Dame de Fourviere
This mural covers an entire building, more than 800 meters squared. It depicts 31 famous people (dead and living) from the Lyonnais area, such as Le Pétit Prince, Antoine de Saint Exupéry, the Lumière brothers who were pioneers of the cinema, and Paul Bocuse, one of Lyon’s most celebrated chefs. This trompe l’oeil painting marks Lyon’s history. If you approach from the Vieux Lyon side of the Saone, the building looks like a normal building. But as you go around the building, you realize that there is something different about this building…because two of its faces are covered in paint!	Mural of Famous People