The picturesque Old Town of Nice, with its maze of narrow alleyways and cobblestone streets, has a lively ambience reminiscent of Italy. Popularly known as "Babazouk," the Vieille Ville begins at the western end of the Colline du Château (Castle Hill) and is bounded by spacious boulevards, including the Jardin Albert I, Place Masséna, and Promenade du Paillon. The southern end of the Old Town borders the Ponchettes market stalls at the Cours Saleya, where fishmongers and grocers sell fresh products. The famous Marché aux Fleurs (Flower Market) is a traditional Provençal event that beautifies the street every morning with colorful blossoms.Besides the gastronomic appeal, the area around the Cours Saleya has many cultural attractions. On the Quai des Etats-Unis is the Galerie des Ponchettes, a museum dedicated to the artwork of Raoul Dufy. This museum displays an outstanding collection of Dufy's charming, vibrant paintings.	Vieille Ville
Sitting on the hill of Cimiez, the Musée Matisse is must-see attraction for art lovers. This delightful museum lies in a historic Genoese villa surrounded by splendid Italianate gardens. The permanent collection represents an extensive and diverse ensemble of Matisse's works. There are 68 paintings, 236 designs, 218 drawings, and 56 sculptures (almost all the sculptures Matisse ever created), along with interesting sketches for the decorations of the Chapel in Vence. The entire ensemble of works provides an overview of the artist's creative method and genius. It was given by Matisse's family to the city of Nice, where the artist lived from 1918 until 1954. The museum also hosts temporary exhibits every year as well as screenings of art films and conferences.	Musee Matisse
This verdant park-like area is located between the Avenue des Phocéens and the Avenue de Verdun. The expansive gardens extend north as far as the busy Place Masséna, which boasts the Fontaine du Soleil, a splendid fountain featuring a statue of Apollo, the Greek Sun God. The Jardin Albert I has a pleasant open-air theater, the Théâtre de Verdure surrounded by pine and palm trees. In the spring and summer, this outdoor venue offers music concerts, including rock festivals and performances by popular rock bands. A short walk away from the garden is the busy Avenue Jean Médecin, one of the principal shopping streets in Nice. The neo-Gothic Church of Notre-Dame is worth a look while visiting the neighborhood.	Jardin Albert I
Built in 1912 by Tsar Nicholas, the Cathédrale Orthodoxe Russe Saint-Nicolas is considered one of the most beautiful Orthodox churches outside of Russia. Inspired by the Muscovite style, the cathedral has a richly decorated interior with many ornamental icons, murals, and carved woodwork, as well as an iconostasis of embossed metal. A virtual jewel box, the interior contains historical and religious objects that were brought here from Russia during its time of turmoil. The cathedral is still used as place of worship. Visitors are admitted but must respect certain rules: Men will not be admitted bare-chested or in shorts. For women, mini skirts and shorts are not allowed, shoulders should be covered, and a head covering is preferred. Guided tours of the cathedral are available (in English, French, or Japanese) daily.	Cathedrale Orthodoxe Russe Saint-Nicolas
On a hill overlooking the Nice coastline, the site of Castle Hill was the first area of Nice to be inhabited by the Greeks two millennia ago. Once considered impregnable, the citadel was destroyed by soldiers of the French King Louis XIV in 1706. Now the property is set aside entirely as a park. This idyllic place is a pleasant oasis of greenery, shady trees, and rushing waterfalls. The park inspires visitors to enjoy a leisurely stroll and take in the spectacular views. From this point, the panorama includes the Baie des Anges, the Vieille Ville, and the Nice harbor. Inside the park, boutiques and restaurants as well as the ruins of two old churches are worth seeing. At night, the Colline du Château is illuminated with special lighting effects.	Castle Hill Park	