The Novosibirsk State Art Museum is a museum in Tsentralny City District of Novosibirsk, Russia. The building was designed by architect Andrey Kryachkov. The Sibrevcom Building was built in 1926. The Novosibirsk State Art Museum exhibits 70 classical and modern artwork annually with average or 150 thousand visitors. The highlight is the museum's collection of 65 original paintings by Nikolai Rerikh on the 2nd floor, mostly mountainscapes from the celebrated drifter's time in the Himalayas. The 2nd floor also has a room of 17th-century European (mostly Dutch) masters, a collection of icons and several rooms dedicated to 18th-to-19th-century Russian art. The 3rd floor has some wonderful pieces from the Soviet era.	The State Art Museum
The St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral is a Bulgarian Orthodox cathedral in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. Built in Neo-Byzantine style, it serves as the cathedral church of the Patriarch of Bulgaria and it is believed to be one of the top 50 largest Christian church buildings (by volume) in the world. It is one of Sofia's symbols and primary tourist attractions. The St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in Sofia occupies an area of 3,170 square metres (34,100 sq ft) and can hold 5,000 people inside. It is believed to be among the top 10 largest Eastern Orthodox church buildings. It is the third largest Orthodox Cathedral located in Southeast Europe, being surpassed only by two new and not yet fully completed Cathedrals - the Romanian People's Salvation Cathedral in Bucharest and the Church of Saint Sava in Belgrade. It is believed that until year 2000 it was the largest finished Orthodox Cathedral.	The Alexander Nevsky Cathedral
This square, located between the Finland Station and the Neva River, is best known for its impressive statue of the Father of the Russian Revolution, Vladimir Lenin, and a charming light and music fountain which is popular in the summertime. In the 18th century, the territory was a workers' settlement on the very outskirts of the city, and was called Wolf's Field in recognition of the wolves roaming the surrounding forest. Rope and yarn shops were abundant, and the area was also home to a Dutch brewery. Later it housed a military training ground and barracks. At the beginning of the 19th century the Mikhailovsky Artillery School, now known as the Artillery Academy, was built.	The Lenina Square
The Novosibirsk Zoo is a scientific institution as well as a popular tourist attraction. The zoo has around 11,000 animals representing 738 species and is an active participant in thirty-two different captive breeding programmes for endangered species. On average, over 1,500,000 people visit the zoo each year. The zoo also received international attention upon the birth of Kiara, a rare liliger cub in November 2012. Her parents are a male lion and a female liger (male lion-female tiger hybrid).	Novosibirsk Zoo
There are two of them the Big and the Small ones. The observatory towers are equipped with modern powerful telescopes. The museum contains interactive exhibits demonstrating physical principles and phenomena, and spaceship and astronomical telescope models. The Foucault Tower is located near the Planetarium building and has a Foucault pendulum with a 15-metre-long wire inside. It is used to demonstrate the rotation of the Earth. The park around the Novosibirsk Planetariumis decorated with astronomic elements including the Sun and the planets of the Solar system (Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars and Jupiter) with their satellites as well as asteroids and comets, all of which are connected by paths. The Novosibirsk Planetarium demonstrates fulldome films and video lectures, holds theatrical performances and musical concerts. When the weather permits, astronomical observations can also be conducted.	The Novosibirsk Planetarium