Lake Baikal	Boating, Photoshoot	Lake,Island	Lake Baikal is the largest freshwater lake by volume in the world, containing 22–23% of the world's fresh surface water.With 23,615.39 km3 (5,670 cu mi) of fresh water,it contains more water than the North American Great Lakes combined.With a maximum depth of 1,642 m (5,387 ft), Baikal is the world's deepest lake. It is considered among the world's clearest lakes and is considered the world's oldest lake – at 25–30 million years. It is the seventh-largest lake in the world by surface area.	Cold, Temperate
Kungur Cave	Skating, walking on ice	Caves,Lake	The Urals’ freezing treasures can be found in the Kungur ice cave. Here you’ll get to see huge stalactites hanging over your head, look down at seemingly eternal glacial blocks beneath your feet and bottomless underground lakes. After emerging from a 40-meter tunnel, you will suddenly find yourself in a permafrost kingdom made up of ancient ice. The cave is located near the city of Kungur, which is easy to get to from Perm. Kungur Ice Cave has been known since 1703 when Peter the Great issued the decree sending a well-known geographer S.U. Remezov from Tobolsk in Kungur. He worked out the Uyezd plan and made the first sketch of the cave.	Very cold, Freezing
Elton Lake	Swimming, Walking	Lake	Elton Lake is a salt lake in Volgograd Oblast, Russia, near the border with Kazakhstan. It has an area of 152 km² and is from 0.5 to 0.7 m deep. It is the largest mineral lake in Europe and one of the most mineralized in the world. Salt was excavated from Elton beginning in the early eighteenth century.Before 1865 the government was the excavate and in 1865–1882 the lake was heavily used by private businesses. There is a spa resort near the lake since 1910 and a sanatorium since 1945. Sulfide silt mud and brine from Elton are claimed to have anti-inflammatory, detoxifying, analgesic, relaxing and revitalizing properties.	Continental, Dry
Elbrus	Mountain climbing, Hiking, Skiing	Mountain,Volcano	Elbrus is a dormant volcano in the Caucasus Mountains in Southern Russia, near the border Russia shares with Georgia. It is the highest mountain in Europe. It is also the tenth-most prominent peak in the world. Elbrus stands 20 km (12 mi) north of the main range of the Greater Caucasus and 65 km (40 mi) south-southwest of the Russian town of Kislovodsk. Its permanent icecap feeds 22 glaciers, which in turn give rise to the Baksan, Kuban, and Malka Rivers. Elbrus sits on a moving tectonic area, and has been linked to a fault. A supply of magma lies deep beneath the dormant volcano.	Freezing, Humid
The Valley of Geysers	Tours, Photoshoot	Geysers,Volcano	The Valley of Geysers  is a geyser field on Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia, and has the second largest concentration of geysers in the world. This six-kilometre-long (3.7 mi) basin with approximately ninety geysers and many hot springs is situated on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the Russian Far East, predominantly on the left bank of the ever-deepening Geysernaya River, into which geothermal waters flow from a relatively young stratovolcano, Kikhpinych. Temperatures have been found to be 250 °C (482 °F), 500 m (1,600 ft) below the caldera ground. It is part of the Kronotsky Nature Reserve, which, in turn, is incorporated into the World Heritage Site "Volcanoes of Kamchatka". The valley is difficult to reach, with helicopters providing the only feasible means of transport.	Maritime, Continental	