The Lacerda Elevator is a public urban elevator located in Salvador, Brazil, connecting the lower city to the upper city. The 72 metres elevator was built between 1869 and 1873; it was named after Antônio de Lacerda, director of the Commercial Association of Bahia. It was a hydraulic elevator at first; later operating by electricity since 1906. The elevator towers were renovated in 1930, in an Art Deco styling. The Lacerda Elevator has two towers, on that pierces the stone slope of the Ladeira da Montanha, and other, more visible, that goes to the level of the Cidade Baixa.	Elevador Lacerda
Porto da Barra Beach is located in Barra neighborhood in the city of Salvador, Brazil. It is located at the entrance of the Baía de Todos os Santos, with a small, white colonial fort at one end and a whitewashed church sitting up on a hill at the other. As the beach is in a bay, the water is calm. And in a country with over 7,000 km of east-facing coastline, the Porto is one of the few facing west, and sunsets can be seen from there. Porto da Barra was the site of Bahia's first European settlement, Vila Velha, or the Old Village. During the 1960s it was a hangout for Tropicalistas Caetano Veloso and Gilberto Gil and their crowd.	Porto da Barra Beach
The Museum of Modern Art of Bahia is a modern art museum located in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. It is located within Solar do Unhão, a historical site dating to the 16th century, on the margin of the Bay of All Saints. The museum was founded in 1960 under the architect Lina Bo Bardi and initially located in the foyer of the Castro Alves Theater; it moved to its present location in 1963. MAM-BA is one of twelve state museums linked to the Institute of Artistic and Cultural Heritage, an authority of the Department of Culture of the State of Bahia. The collection of MAM-BA is noted for paintings, sculptures, photographs, and drawings by artists such as Tarsila do Amaral, Portinari, Flávio de Carvalho, Di Cavalcanti, Rubem Valentim, Pancetti, Carybé, Mário Cravo Neto, and Sante Scaldaferri.	Museum of Modern Art of Bahia
The Cathedral Basilica of Salvador, officially dedicated to the Transfiguration of Christ and named Primatial Cathedral Basilica of the Transfiguration of the Lord is the seat of the Archbishop of the city of Salvador, in the State of Bahia, in Brazil. The Archbishop of Salvador is also ex officio Primate of Brazil.	Cathedral Basilica of Salvador
he Basilica of the Immaculate Conception, or the Basilica of the Conception, is a church in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. It is affiliated with the Catholic Church and was built in 1623, making it one of the oldest parishes in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of São Salvador da Bahia. It was the first church built by the first governor-general of Brazil, Tomé de Sousa. The current structure was prefabricated in Portugal and assembled in Salvador; its construction began in 1739 and ended in the mid 19th century. Its monumental façade is a hybrid of Baroque and Neoclassical styles, and is based on church façades of the period in Portugal. The building was designed by Manuel Cardoso Saldanha; the master bricklayer and architect Eugénio da Mota prepared the stonework in Portugal and accompanied it to Salvador.	Basilica of the Immaculate Conception				