Ibirapuera Park is an urban park in São Paulo. It comprises 158 hectares between Av. República do Líbano, Av. Pedro Alvares Cabral, and Av. IV Centenário, and is the most visited park in South America, with 14.4 million visits in 2017. Ibirapuera Park was the first metropolitan park in São Paulo, designed along the lines of other great English landscape gardens built in the 20th century in major cities around the globe, but inspired on modern drafts from the landscape architect Roberto Burle Marx. It was inaugurated on 21 August 1954 for the 400th anniversary of the city of São Paulo with buildings designed by architect Oscar Niemeyer and landscape by agronomist Otávio Augusto Teixeira Mendes.	Ibirapuera Park
Paulista Avenue is one of the most important avenues in São Paulo, Brazil. It stretches 2.8 kilometres and runs northwest to southeast. Its northwest point is Praça Marechal Cordeiro de Farias at its intersection with Rua da Consolação and its southeast point is Praça Oswaldo Cruz at its intersection with Treze de Maio, Bernardino de Campos, Desembargador Eliseu Guilherme, and Dr. Rafael de Barros avenues. Major crossroads on the street are Rua Augusta, Rua Haddock Lobo and Avenida Brigadeiro Luis Antonio. Parallel to it are Cincinato Braga, Joaquim Eugenio de Lima on the Bela Vista/Paraíso side and Alameda Santos and Coronel Oscar Freire on the Jardins side. Paulista Avenue crosses sections of the neighborhoods of Paraíso, Bela Vista, Jardim Paulista, Cerqueira César and Jardim América, ending in Higienópolis. The headquarters of many financial and cultural institutions are located on Paulista Avenue.	Paulista Avenue
The Sao Paulo Museum of Art is an art museum located on Paulista Avenue in the city of São Paulo, Brazil. It is well known for its headquarters, a 1968 concrete and glass structure designed by Lina Bo Bardi, whose main body is supported by two lateral beams over a 74 metres freestanding space, considered a landmark of the city and a main symbol of modern Brazilian architecture. The museum is a private non-profit institution founded in 1947 by Assis Chateaubriand and Pietro Maria Bardi. MASP distinguished itself for many important initiatives concerning museology and art education in Brazil, as well as for its pioneering role as a cultural center. It was also the first Brazilian museum interested in Post-World War II art.	Museum of Art of Sao Paulo Assis Chateaubriand
The Sao Paulo See Metropolitan Cathedral --"See" and "cathedral" mean "seat" and therefore the ecclesiastical authority of a bishop or archbishop is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of São Paulo, Brazil. As of 2013 the Metropolitan Archbishop of the archdiocese was Cardinal Odilo Pedro Scherer. Its construction, in Neo-Gothic style, began in 1913 and ended four decades later. It was ready for its dedication on the 400th anniversary of the foundation of the then humble villa of São Paulo by Chief or Cacique Tibiriçá and the Jesuit priests Manuel da Nóbrega and José de Anchieta. Despite having a Renaissance-styled dome, the São Paulo Metropolitan Cathedral is considered by some to be the 4th largest neo-gothic cathedral in the world.	Sao Paulo Cathedral
Monument to the Bandeiras is a large-scale granite sculpture by the Italian-Brazilian sculptor Victor Brecheret at the entrance of Ibirapuera Park in São Paulo, Brazil. It was commissioned by the government of São Paulo in 1921 and completed in 1954. It commemorates the 17th-century bandeiras, or settling expeditions into the interior of Brazil. The monument, given its size and location, has now become an integral part of the landscape of São Paulo. The monument was erected in the south-central area of the city in the Praça Armando Salles de Oliveira, opposite the Palácio 9 de Julho, headquarters of the Legislative Assembly of the State of São Paulo.	Monument to the Bandeiras		