Lëkurësi Castle is a ruined castle in Lëkurës, southern Albania. The castle is on a strategic hill point overlooking the town of Saranda, southeast of the town centre. From here one can control the whole town as well as the islands of Ksamil. The castle of Lëkurës was built in 1537 by Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent who had attacked Corfu and needed to control the harbor of Saranda and the road that connected it with Butrint. The region traditionally belonged to the southern part of the region of Himara. At the end of the 18th century the castle was attacked by Ali Pasha of Ioannina and the surrounding habitation raided. The castle used to withhold the old Lëkurës village. It has a square shape with two round towers on its north-western and south-eastern corners. To climb up to the castle, visitors need to leave the main road on Qafë Gjashtë and go up the town hill from the other side of the town. Today tourist facilities are built next to the castle in similar architectural style.	Lëkurësi Castle
The Butrint National Park is a national park in southern Albania, located 18 kilometres south of Sarandë in Vlorë County. The park encompasses 9,424 hectares of hilly terrain with freshwater lakes, wetlands, salt marshes, open plains, reed beds and islands. The park's significance for conservation is reflected in the large number of species with over 1,200 different animals and plants. Its mandate includes the protection of the lake and lagoon of Butrint, the natural channel of Vivari, the islands of Ksamil and as well the archaeological site, that provides valuable remains of ancient civilizations. Butrint is strategically located in the eastern part of the Strait of Corfu in the extreme south of the country. It sprawls across a peninsula that is surrounded by Lake Butrint and Vivari Channel. The channel connects the lake to the Ionian Sea through a narrow sandy bar. Located in the direct proximity to the sea, the park experiences mild mediterranean climate.	Butrint National Park
The Monastery of the Forty Saint Martyrs is a ruined Eastern Orthodox monastery overlooking the coastal city of Saranda in southern Albania. The monastery was erected during the 6th century AD and possibly became for at least one millennium the most important pilgrimage site in the Ionian Sea region. The name of the monastery; Agioi Saranta was transferred to the adjacent city of Onchesmos. During the Peoples Republic of Albania the site was transformed into a military installation. Today only a part of the side walls of its basilica type church survive.	Monastery of 40 Saints
Ksamil is Europe’s newest strand pearl, and although more and more people find their way here, There are still plenty of places where you can be alone, and at the same time beaches with life and movement. Ksamil is, however, perhaps best known for its four islands that you can go by boat, but the other beaches are just as nice, I think. The sand is white; the water is crystal clear with a turquoise blue color. Take the bus from Saranda to Ksamil and jump off at the first stop in Ksamil (the bus goes from the center of Saranda and costs 100 lek). From there it’s about 500 meters to the beaches, if you want to explore a different beach, just continue along the mountain.	Ksamil's Islands	
Albania’s famous Blue Eye (Syri i kaltër) is a water spring and natural phenomenon that each visitor should witness. A popular tourist attraction, the beautiful light turquoise river stuns with its beauty. The Blue Eye is a water spring with extremely light blue water bubbles in a more than 50-metre deep pool. You’ll be mesmerized by how clear the water is, to the point that you’ll be able to see straight to the bottom. Also, make sure you follow the sign that leads to Syri i kaltër, so you don’t miss out on the actual Blue Eye.	Syri i Kalter		