Caminito Del Rey	Hiking, Sightseeing	Mountainous Tourism	Popularly referred to as El Caminito del Rey (the King's little pathway) was built at the turn of the 20th century and is known to be one of the most dangerous walkways. The narrow gorge rises over 100 meters (328ft) above the Gualdalhorce River below. The walkway attached to the steep walls of the El Chorro gorge is only one-hour drive from Málaga.	Mediterranean
La Mola Lighthouse	Sightseeing	Beach, Cultural Tourism	Opened on 30th November 1861, La Mola lighthouse is situated in the village known as El Pilar de la Mola in Formentera, Balearic Islands, Spain. It is the highest point on the island and gives a great view of Formentera. This symbolic lighthouse offers a breathtaking night time display with twelve powerful beams of light turning unendingly between land and sea. This view still serves today and appearing isolated, light flashes every five seconds.	Mediterranean, humid
Galicia Cliffs	Hiking, Sightseeing	Ecotourism	The highest cliffs in continental Europe are not in Hornelen , Norway. If we stick to the European continent, then the highest cliffs are in Spain, in San Andres de Teixido , Galicia, and are probably higher than the considered 612 meters high. La Garita de Herveira is an excellent view point you would want to experience. Very close to this stunning place is the Ortegal which is known to hold the oldest rocks of the Iberian Peninsula and the fourth in the world.	Mediterranean
Las Medulas	Hiking, Exploring, Sightseeing	Nature, Cultural Tourism	Las Médulas is an historic mining site near the town of Ponferrada in the region of El Bierzo province of León, Spain which used to be the most important gold mine and largest open pit gold mine in the entire Roman Empire. The survey and excavations of pre-Roman and Roman settlements throughout the area allowed for new historical interpretations that greatly enriched the study of Roman mining. A positive result of these systematic studies was the inclusion of Las Médulas as a World Heritage Site in 1997.	Mediterranean, lower temperatures
Tenerife	Stargazing, Exploring	Ecotourism	Tenerife is an amazing island, not just because of its appealing climatic condition. With the Sahara on one side and the wide Atlantic on the other, but it is here from the volcano Teide that you can gaze into the inky blackness of its skies, speckled with a billion tiny lights. Its high altitude – its 3,718-metre summit is the highest point in Spain -, clean air and clear skies makes it one of the world preferred destinations to gaze at the stars.	Mediterranean			