Busch Gardens Tampa Bay is a 335-acre African-themed animal theme park located in the city of Tampa, Florida. The park is owned and operated by SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment and has an annual attendance of just over 4.1 million a year. That places it 2nd among SeaWorld-owned parks in terms of attendance behind SeaWorld Orlando, and 11th overall in the top 20 amusement parks in North America. Busch Gardens features six major roller coaster, kid-friendly coasters, and water rides. This diversity of different rides allow for more people to enjoy their day around the park.	Busch Gardens Tampa Bay
The Florida Aquarium is a 501 not-for-profit organization, publicly operated institution located in Tampa, Florida, United States. It is a large scale, 250,000-square-foot aquarium and is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. This means they are a leader in conservation and education, supporting programs for wildlife and having a strong educational component in the forms of summer camps, school trips, etc. The facility is home to more than 7,000 aquatic plants and animals from Florida and all over the world. The facility is located in the Channel District of Downtown Tampa.	The Florida Aquarium
ZooTampa at Lowry Park is a 63-acre nonprofit zoo located in Tampa, Florida. In 2009, Lowry Park Zoo was voted the #1 Family Friendly Zoo in the US by Parents Magazine, and is recognized by the State of Florida as the center for Florida wildlife conservation and biodiversity. The zoo is operated by the Lowry Park Zoological Society, an independent 501 charitable organization. The zoo also exists as a center for conservation of endangered wildlife both locally and around the globe. Tampa’s Lowry Park Zoo is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums as well as a member of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums, Conservation Breeding Specialist Group, the Florida Association of Zoos and Aquariums and the Florida Attractions Association.	ZooTampa at Lowry Park
Museum of Science and Industry, Inc. operates as a museum. It displays articulated dinosaurs, as well as consists of BioWorks Butterfly Garden, a butterfly exhibit that focuses on butterflies, which are native to West Central Florida; Back Woods, a diminutive forest oasis in a sea of urban development; and an IMAX theater. The company’s visiting exhibits include a museum of science and industry, and an art gallery. It also operates a planetarium that recreates the night sky from any time from the past, present, and future from anywhere on the planet; an interactive planetarium capable of playing movies, ultra 3D graphics, and live videos from NASA; and a science works theater. In addition, Museum of Science and Industry, Inc. offers jewelry, butterfly and ladybug items, merchandise from local artists, rocks, and fossils, as well as cool gadgets and electronics through its stores, as well as online. The company was formerly known as Hillsborough County Museum.	Museum of Science & Industry
Skyway Fishing Pier State Park is a Florida State Park located on the north and south sides of the mouth of Tampa Bay. When the original cantilevered Sunshine Skyway Bridge, carrying I-275, partially collapsed in 1980, due to the collision of a freighter on one of its pilings, it was replaced by the current bridges. The approaches to the old bridge, however, were left in place and converted into the longest fishing pier in the world. The most common activity on the pier is fishing. Common catches include snook, tarpon, grouper, black sea bass, Spanish mackerel, king mackerel, cobia, sheepshead, red snapper and flounder. Other pier activities include kayaking, swimming, and kite surfing. Snacks, drinks, bait, and fishing supplies can be purchased on the pier, which has a fee for admission. The park is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.	Skyway Fishing Pier State Park  