Right in the heart of the city, the Grand Bazaar is an essential visit for any tourist in Tehran. With over 10 kilometres (six miles) of labyrinthine alleyways filled with covered shops, haggling customers, and general commotion, you will find everything from jewellery to carpets and pots and pans for sale here. One of Tehran’s oldest areas, this commercial centre is teeming with history and character, and there are some exceptional restaurants dotted around. Prepare for a sensual bombardment; not for the agoraphobic! Be sure to check out the nearby Jomeh bazaar for antiques, every Friday on Jomhuri Street.	The Grand Bazaar
The National Museum of Iran is filled with an impressive range of treasures and objects from the 30,000 years of human habitation in the Iranian plateau. From Stone Age tools to primitive art, from decorated capitals from Persepolis to coins and pottery, the museum features items from the length and breadth of Iranian history. The building itself, designed in the early 20th century with nods to Sassanian architecture, is one of Tehran’s more interesting modern constructions.	National Museum of Iran
The Milad Tower is one of Tehran’s most iconic structures, and the most prominent feature of the city’s skyline. Completed in 2007, it stands at an impressive 435 metres (1,500 feet), making it the sixth tallest tower in the world. Trips to the head of the tower are inexpensive and worth the effort on a clear day, for nowhere else can beat it for panoramic views of the city. If you want to push the boat out, the tower also boasts a fancy, revolving restaurant.	Milad Tower
Mount Tochal sits in the mountain range to the north of Tehran, with its peak reaching a staggering 3,993m (13,000ft). An excellent challenge for mountaineers, trails set off from Darakeh and Velanjak, with tea houses staggered along the way. If you lack the time or inclination for the trek, a telecabin service will take you all the way up the mountain for a reasonable fee. The top of the mountain also has a small ski piste, with equipment available to rent. Not as impressive as Dizin or Shemshak ski resorts, but ideal for a quick afternoon getaway.	Mount Tochal
One of the oldest historic monuments in the city of Tehran, and of world heritage status, the Golestan Palace belongs to a group of royal buildings that were once enclosed within the mud-thatched walls of Tehran's arg ("citadel"). It consists of gardens, royal buildings, and collections of Iranian crafts and European presents from the 18th and 19th centuries. The complex of Golestan Palace consists of 17 structures, including palaces, museums, and halls. Almost all of this complex was built during the 131 years rule of the Qajar kings.These palaces were used for many different occasions such as coronations and other important celebrations. It also consists of three main archives, including the photographic archive, the library of manuscripts, and the archive of documents.	Golestan Palace