Toronto's famous landmark, the 553-meter CN Tower, is one of the city's must see attractions and also the most impossible to miss. Towering above the downtown, this Canadian icon can be seen from almost everywhere in the city. You have the option of simply appreciating the building from the ground, or taking a trip up to one of the observation areas or restaurants for fabulous views over the city and Lake Ontario. The CN Tower, built between 1972 and 1976, was once the tallest freestanding structure in the world, but has long since been surpassed. The highest viewing area on the CN Tower is from the Sky Pod at 447 meters above the city, with views that, on clear days, extend to Niagara Falls and New York State. To get here requires taking two elevators. Below this, at the top of the main elevator is the LookOut level at 346 meters, with floor-to-ceiling windows and the new Glass Floor, which looks down to the original Glass Floor, one floor below, where the Outdoor Sky Terrace is located.	CN Tower
The Royal Ontario Museum, known as the ROM, is one of Canada's premier museums, with an international reputation for excellence. It houses an outstanding collection, which covers natural history, art, and culture from a great variety of periods from all over the world. It is also well-known for featuring exhibitions from across the globe. A controversial expansion in 2007 saw the addition of the Michael Lee-Chin Crystal, a modern wing featuring glass and sharp angles, added on to a very traditional older building. It's now one of Toronto's most recognizable buildings.	Royal Ontario Museum
One of Toronto's newest top attractions is the Ripley's Aquarium near the base of the CN Tower. This fabulous facility displays all kinds of marine life and is one of the most popular things to do in Toronto for families. The most impressive feature is the huge underwater tunnel with a moving sidewalk. You can watch the ocean world go by all around you as sharks glide past and sawfish linger on the tunnel roof above. This is a truly serene experience for all ages. Another unexpected highlight is the jellyfish display, accented with creative lighting. Further on, touch tanks with stingrays and small sharks allow for a hands-on experience. And for the engineering minded, the building's open concept also allows for a look at the Life Support System and filtration equipment operating the facility.	Ripley's Aquarium of Canada
The renowned Art Gallery of Ontario (AGO) is one of the largest museums in North America. The collection of more than 95,000 pieces includes works from around the world, from European masterpieces to contemporary art, but also holds an impressive collection of Canadian Art, including a vast collection of works by the Group of Seven. A series of temporary exhibitions are mounted throughout the year. The AGO occupies a unique looking building, with a mix of older and modern architecture, on the west side of the city center. Next to the AGO is the hard to miss Ontario College of Art and Design, standing high above the street on stilts designed to look like pencils.	Art Gallery of Ontario
High Park is a huge green space with sunken gardens, hanging basket gardens, nature trails, natural ponds, and streams. The 165-acre country property, originally owned by the Howards, was deeded to the City of Toronto in 1873. This deed came with the stipulation that the park was to remain "for the free use, benefit and enjoyment of the citizens of Toronto and it be called High Park." Within the park is the High Park Zoo, home to a number of animals, including bison; reindeer; llamas; wallabies; and Toronto's famous Capybara's, Bonnie and Clyde, who escaped from their enclosure and quickly rose to fame, developing their own social media platforms in 2016. Annually, the Canadian Stage Company puts on a performance at the open-air theater in the park during the months of July and August, known as "Shakespeare in High Park."	High Park