Stonehenge	Sightseeing	Cultural tourism	Stonehenge is a unique prehistoric monument, lying at the centre of an outstandingly rich archaeological landscape. An extraordinary source for the study of prehistory, it holds a pivotal place in the development of archaeology. Many different theories have been put forward about who built it, when, and why. In 2016 Stonehenge celebrated its 30th year as a World Heritage site – in 1986, together with Avebury, it was one of the very first sites in the UK to be inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.	Temperate maritime
Malham Cove	Sightseeing, hiking	Ecotourism	This limestone formation, just outside the village of Malham in North Yorkshire, was formed thousands of years ago by a waterfall created at the end of the Ice Age. Surrounded by beautiful countryside, the sheer rock face and distinctive limestone pavement might look familiar as they featured in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.	Temperate maritime
Durdle Door	Sightseeing, swimming	Beach tourism	Eroded by time and nature, Durdle Door is one of Dorset’s most photographed and iconic landmarks. It is located on the Lulworth Estate in south Dorset and is part of the Jurassic Coast. The coastline is of such international geological importance that it was designated England’s first natural World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2001 and is now part of a family of natural wonders including America’s Grand Canyon and Australia’s Great Barrier Reef. The magnificent natural limestone arch was formed when the power of the waves eroded the rock and forged a hole through the middle. The name Durdle is derived from an old English word ‘thirl’, which means to pierce, bore or drill.	Temperate maritime
Gaping Gill	Sightseeing, exploring	Ecotourism	Gaping Gill is underground cave chamber in Britain. It’s often said, without exaggeration, that this dramatic chamber is big enough to fit a cathedral. It is so big that there has been an attempt to fly a hot air balloon inside the cave. The vertical main shaft from the surface to the floor of the chamber is about 98m deep and normally contains a substantial waterfall, the route by which the surface stream, Fell Beck, finds its way to the chamber floor. The chamber and the extensive cave system it is a part of are usually only accessible to experienced and properly equipped cave explorers. But for two separate weeks of the year (around the August and late May public holidays) two local caving clubs provide a winch to allow members of the public to be lowered down the shaft on a boatswain’s chair, and later winched out again.	Humid, low temperatures
Seven Sisters	Sightseeing	Ecotourism	Situated in the idyllic South Downs, the Seven Sisters chalk cliffs make up one of England’s most unspoilt coastlines. The cliffs peak and dip along the shoreline, making seven hills in total – hence the name. As the cliffs are left to erode, naturally they remain a beautiful white colour. For the best view of the Seven Sisters, head to Seaford Head, looking east across the River Cuckmere.	Temperate maritime, humid