Grand Canyon National Park	Hiking	Outdoor	Located north of Phoenix, Arizona, the Grand Canyon is one of the USA's most impressive landscapes. According to the Grand Canyon National Park Service, this great chasm measures one mile deep, 18 miles wide, and stretches for approximately 277 river miles. In all, the Grand Canyon National Park covers 1,218,375 acres.	Cold winters, mild pleasant summers, moderate humidity
Niagara Falls	Sightseeing	Water attraction	The cascades of Niagara Falls occur where the waters of Lake Erie drain into Lake Ontario. Located in northern New York along the United States' border with Canada, the Niagara Falls attraction is shared between the two countries. On the U.S. side, you'll find Niagara Falls State Park, the oldest state park in the United States. It was established by Frederick Law Olmstead, who was also responsible for the design of New York City's Central Park. The National Park Service also maintains the Niagara Falls National Heritage Area, which is dedicated to preserving the history and culture of the Niagara Falls area.	Sunny, High humidity	
Yellowstone National Park	Sightseeing, camping	Mountainous	As the first established national park in the world, Yellowstone contains spectacular mountains and canyons, the Yellowstone and Snake Rivers, living and petrified forests, and is teeming with wildlife. Yellowstone is also the home of the world's largest collection of geysers—basically erupting hot springs—of which Old Faithful is the most famous. Erupting every 60 to 110 minutes for a duration of 1.5 to 5 minutes, Old Faithful was named by the explorers of the 1870 Washburn Expedition into Yellowstone who were impressed with the geyser's eruption consistency. Though Old Faithful is not the largest geyser in the park—that would be the Steamboat Geyser—it does erupt at the most regular intervals, making it a favorite for tourists who want to witness this hydrothermal wonder.	4 Seasons
Devils Tower	Hiking	Mountainous	Designated as the first National Monument in the United States by President Theodore Roosevelt on September 24, 1906, Devils Tower is a 1,267-foot rock formation that juts dramatically out of the Wyoming prairie. The rock is sacred to many Native American tribes in the area, including the Lakota Sioux, Crow, Cheyenne, Kiowa, and Shoshone, who typically hold religious ceremonies in celebration of the monument in June. Climbers also revere the challenging monolith, and thousands attempt to scale the monument via 150 routes. The federally designated park that surrounds Devils Tower covers 1,347 acres. For the less adventurous, it's fun to walk the trail around the base of the tower.	Alternating extreme temperatures
San Juan Islands	Sailing	Sea	You don't need a sailboat to sail through the San Juan Islands of northern Washington, because the ferry that takes you to the islands from Anacortes provides you with scenic vistas and, sometimes, whale watching. The Straits of Juan de Fuca and Georgia provide visitors with sights of islands, near and far, and rugged coastlines filled with driftwood and wildlife like deer and bear. Pods of Orca call these waters home. San Juan Island is the largest of the 172 islands that are part of the state of Washington and has a lovely city, Friday Harbor. You can relax in a comfortable inn, dine on seafood, and take a driving tour to view historical sites and a large lavender farm.	Sunny, relative humidity	 		